 Case studies in particular, consist of conceptual and coding steps.

When conceptualizing and writing the case study, the evaluation criteria and explanations given in the writing guidelines should be considered.

Identification: How is the business problem translated into a data science framework, i.e. which data science use case can be established from the given business problem?
• Example: “For the problem at hand we first apply a supervised learning classification algorithm. From the predicted probabilities we find a rule-based logic for the system.”
Concepts: Application of relevant concepts learned throughout the course.
• Examples are:
o how to perform the initial data analysis, like calculating correlations
o which models are used for predictions (Linear Regression, Random Forest…)
o which techniques are used to select import features
o how to prevent overfitting (train hyperparameters, use regularization…)
o …

Analysis: Deliver a sophisticated, detailed analysis of the data and the modelling approach.
• Example: “In our initial data analysis we observe that for Argentina the number of customers decreased by 50%, whereas in all other countries the decrease is on average 10%. This means that in Argentina we face a huge problem with our business.”
• Example: „We observe that choosing a random forest classifier increases the overall accuracy of the model by more than 5%. Moreover, when we apply a trigonometric function on the temporal features the accuracy increases by another 5%.”


Conclusion: Describe the important results of your analysis in a clear and quantitative way. This goes hand in hand with the analysis. How can your model be used in everyday work? Are there any improvements necessary until the model goes into production?
• Example: “From the analysis of the model we conclude that our new data-driven approach outperforms the old, rule-based approach in our test set by 20%. We did not find any situation where the rule-based approach gives better results. Therefore, we are confident that the prediction model will lead to a significant cost reduction. Our conservative estimate for the next two months is a cost reduction of more than 6% due to the prediction model.”


Structure of the Case Study
Case studies should follow the typical pattern:
− Introduction (case context and explanation)
− Main part (presentation, editing and solution of the case)
− Conclusion (discussion and further transfers)
These chapter names are not predefined, other chapter titles can be used. However, it is important to maintain a logical structure that is clearly comprehensible to the reader. Thus, a table of contents, i.e. an outline, must also be preliminarily devised for a case study.


Components of the Case Study
The case study consists of the following parts, listed in the table of contents (except for title page and table of contents):
− Title page
− Table of contents
− List of figures and/or tables (if necessary)
− List of abbreviations (if necessary)
− Text part with introduction, main part, conclusion
− Bibliography
− List of appendices (if necessary)
− Appendices and materials (if necessary)


Evaluation
The evaluation criteria and their corresponding weight are listed below.
Evaluation Criteria Explanation Weight Identification Definition of the problem 10% Approach Methods of implementation 25% Quality Quality of implementation 30% Result Scope and completeness of the result 15% Formalities Compliance with formal requirements 5% Accuracy Correctness of spelling and punctuation 5% Language Linguistic expression 10%


Sample Table of Contents(topics) to include in case study
1.	Introduction	
1.1 Problem Statement	
1.2 Objective	
2.	CRISP-DM Methodology	
2.1 Framework Application	
3.	Business Understanding	
3.1 Business Context & Objectives	
3.2 Project Aim & Scope	
3.3 Project Plan	
3.4 Requirements & Constraints	
3.5 Project Risks	
3.6	Tools & Techniques	
3.7	Proposed Git Structure	
4.	Data Understanding	
4.1 Data Collection	
4.2 Primary Data Analysis	
4.3	Exploratory Data Analysis	
5.	Data Preparation	
5.1 Feature Engineering	
5.2	Data Transformation	
6.	Modeling	
6.1 Preparing Data for Machine Learning	
6.2	Building the Model	
7.	Evaluation	
7.1 Discussion of Results	
7.2 Assessment Against Business Objectives	
8.	Deployment	
9.	Conclusion	
10.	References	
11.	Appendix	
